Release notes for version 1.0.268:


This release includes bug fixes and enhancements to both the MCU firmware and Android app.  


Please plan on installing the following firmware:
https://jfcenterprises.cloudant.com/transfer/hive-1.0.268/hive.bin


It's the same process as before to place the firmware on the MCU module.  Download the file, connect
your PC to the USB, put the MCU in firmware upload mode (double-press the tiny button next to the
USB connector), then run the bossac program as before.   I think I've written about this process
a couple times; here's one of them:
     https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W1DZwI7sake5m6TDdBS6u3deZZ_eG_eNkR4GXV3UOy4/edit



Also, the Android app should be updated to version 1.10.  The Google Play Store link for alpha access is:
https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.jfc.apps.hive



Bug fixes:
  - AudioCapture crash was observed on the second audio capture.  Since the crashes were tracked to
  contention on use of one of the mcu on-chip timers, I've modified the audio capture code to use its
  own dedicated on-chip timer.  The original timer will continue to be shared by several other facilities.
  Since those other facilities don't need to shutdown/restart and change the pulse rate, they aren't
  expected to have contention issues.
  - The AudioUpload code was waiting (unnecessarily) 30s, after the *.wav file was ready, but before
  uploading to the db.  This delay has been removed.
  - Prevent any sensor uploads, soon after startup, until the correct time is known (prevents "TBD"'s
  from being put in the db).
  - Reset-at-midnight has been fixed for the bee counter.  The time-since-restart was incorrecty being
  used instead of the time since epoch.
  - While investigating the reset-at-midnight problem, I discovered cases where calculating the current
  time will sometimes cause a crash (usually after connection is lost).  This has been corrected.


Enhancements:
  - Increased buffer size used for file upload during Audio upload to db to improve performance.
  - Represent Temperature and Humidity to resolution of 1/10th degree/% to further reduce the frequency
  of required uploads
  - Feedback from Angus suggested the motor should be moving much slower than currently, and its speed
  should be user-configurable.  Since it is much slower, I can switch back to the simpler stepper motor
  driver and let the user configure exactly the number of steps per second.  To do so, had to add new
  App dialog and new firmware class called MotorSpeedActuator to take the command from the app and
  forward to motor control code.


Additional note:
  - Nothing of value was found in any of the crash reports on 3/26.  All reports at that time were
  about the innaccessible db.  The reports make it clear that the db was innaccessible at the time for
  both me and Angus (not to mention my own observations at the time) but I couldn't find any
  confirmation or explanation of an outage from Cloudant.


