Release notes for version 1.0.287:


This release includes enhancements to facility switching between the 2 known db servers.  Updates are
prepared for both the MCU firmware and the Android app.

Please install the following firmware:
    https://jfcenterprises.cloudant.com/transfer/hive-1.0.287/hive.bin


The Android app should be updated to version 1.12.  The Google Play Store link for alpha
access is:
    https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.jfc.apps.hive



Enhancements:
  - Upon testing the new db (hivewiz.cloudant.com) it was discovered that both the App and the MCU
  Firmware had problems when attempting to switch between dbs.  The App couldn't be updated unless
  the user manually keyed in the monster key/pswd credentials -- cut-and-paste couldn't be used!
  Cut-and-paste couldn't be used because you could only put one string in the paste buffer at a time
  and paste it into the DbCredentials dialog; switching to another app to get the second piece of
  the set caused the DbCredentials dialog to be brought down -- losing the first piece!  On the other
  hand, if you pasted one piece, then clicked ok, the credentials would be set inconsistently (and
  wrong) -- putting the app in a state where it can't communicate.  Similarly, for the firmware, when
  setting up credentials in provisioning, the phone is temporariliy connected to the Hivewiz's AP,
  meaning that you can't switch to another app to get the credential pieces unless that app didn't
  need to access the web.  Both cases are catch-22's.
  - To fix this longterm, the credential User Interfaces would have to be changed to force an atomic
  editing operation of all or none.  I've not taken this approach for the near term.
  - Instead, I hard-coded the credentials of the 2 known dbs (jfcenterprises.cloudant.com and
  hivewiz.cloudant.com), so only the db host need be chosen -- the rest of the credentials are now
  hidden.
  - Though it's not easily tested, the default db credentials in the firmware have been changed to
  be based on hivewiz.cloudant.com.  So, a brand new Hivewiz device without anything on it's SD card
  should present hivewiz.cloudant.com in the Provisioning web page, and there is no longer any outward
  mention (anywhere) of jfcenterprises.cloudant.com.




For uploading the firmware:
   It's the same process as before to place the firmware on the MCU module.  Download the file, connect
   your PC to the USB, put the MCU in firmware upload mode (double-press the tiny button next to the
   USB connector), then run the bossac program as before.   I think I've written about this process
   a couple times; here's one of them:
       https://docs.google.com/document/d/1W1DZwI7sake5m6TDdBS6u3deZZ_eG_eNkR4GXV3UOy4/edit


  
